(call-arguments-limit variable-documentation "
The upper bound of the number of arguments to a function.  Ignore this value
since there is no such logical upper bound in KCL.")
(encode-universal-time function-documentation "
Args: (second minute hour date month year
       &optional (timezone si:*default-time-zone*))
Returns an integer that represents the given day-and-time.  See GET-DECODE-
TIME.")
(machine-version function-documentation "
Args: ()
Returns, as a string, the version of the machine on which KCL runs.")
(map function-documentation "
Args: (type function sequence &rest more-sequences)
Creates and returns a sequence of TYPE with K elements, with the N-th element
being the value of applying FUNCTION to the N-th elements of the given
SEQUENCEs, where K is the maximum length of the given SEQUENCEs.")
(*print-base* variable-documentation "
The radix used to print integers and ratios.  The value must be an integer
from 2 to 36, inclusive.  The initial value is 10.")
(proclamation function-documentation "
Args: (decl-spec)
KCL specific.
Returns T if the specified declaration is globally in effect; NIL otherwise.
See DECLARE for possible DECL-SPECs.")
(prog2 function-documentation "
Syntax: (prog2 first-form second-form {forms}*)
Evaluates FIRST-FORM, SECOND-FORM, and FORMs in order.  Returns the value of
SECOND-FORM.")
(symbol-name function-documentation "
Args: (symbol)
Returns the print name of SYMBOL.")
(unwind-protect function-documentation "
Syntax: (unwind-protect form {cleanup-form}*)
Evaluates FORM and returns all its values.  Before returning, evaluates
CLEANUP-FORMs in order, whether FORM returns normally or abnormally by a non-
local exit.")
(y-or-n-p function-documentation "
Args: (&optional (format-string nil) &rest args)
Asks the user a Y-or-N question.  Does FRESH-LINE, prints a message as if
FORMAT-STRING and ARGs were given to FORMAT, and then prints \"(Y or N)\" is
printed.  If FORMAT-STRING is NIL, however, no prompt will appear.")
(reset-gbc-count function-documentation "
Args: ()
KCL specific.
Resets the counter of the garbage collector that records how many times the
garbage collector has been called for each implementation type.")
