(<= function-documentation "
Args: (number &rest more-numbers)
Returns T if the args are in non-decreasing order; NIL otherwise.")
(char<= function-documentation "
Args: (char &rest more-chars)
Returns T if the character codes of CHARs are in non-decreasing order; NIL
otherwise.")
(fceiling function-documentation "
Args: (number &optional (divisor 1))
Same as CEILING, but returns a float as the first value.")
(make-two-way-stream function-documentation "
Args: (stream1 stream2)
Creates and returns a two-way stream.  Inputs from this stream are obtained
from STREAM1 and outputs to this stream are sent to STREAM2.  A two-way stream
is notated as
	#<two-way stream n>
where N is a number that identifies the stream.")
(most-negative-single-float variable-documentation "
Same as MOST-NEGATIVE-LONG-FLOAT.")
(simple-string type-documentation "
A simple-string is a string that is not displaced to another array, has no
fill-pointer, and is not adjustable.")
(string type-documentation "
A string is a vector of characters.  A string is notated by surrounding the
characters with double quotes.  Some strings may be displaced to another
string, may have a fill-pointer, or may be adjustable.  Other strings are
called simple-strings.")
(string function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Coerces X into a string.  If X is a string, then returns X itself.  If X is a
symbol, then returns its print name.  If X is a character, then returns a one
element string containing that character.  Signals an error if X cannot be
coerced into a string.")
(subst-if-not function-documentation "
Args: (new test tree &key (key #'identity))
Substitutes NEW for subtrees of TREE that do not satisfy TEST and returns the
result.  The original TREE is not destroyed.")
(*interrupt-enable* variable-documentation "
KCL specific.
If the value of SI:*INTERRUPT-ENABLE* is non-NIL, KCL signals an error on the
terminal interrupt (this is the default case).  If it is NIL, KCL ignores the
interrupt and assigns T to SI:*INTERRUPT-ENABLE*.")
