(*default-pathname-defaults* variable-documentation "
The default pathname used by some pathname-handling functions such as ENOUGH-
NAMESTRING.")
(fifth function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to (CAR (CDDDDR X)).")
(file-write-date function-documentation "
Args: (filespec)
Returns an integer that represents the last write day-and-time of the
specified file (See GET-DECODED-TIME).   Returns NIL if the last write day-
and-time is unknown.  FILESPEC may be a symbol, a string, a pathname, or a
file stream.")
(fourth function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to CADDDR.")
(help* function-documentation "
Args: (string &optional (package-spec 'lisp))
KCL specific.
Prints the documentation associated with those symbols in the specified
package whose print names contain STRING as substring.  STRING may be a
symbol, in which case the print-name of that symbol is used.  If PACKAGE is
NIL, then all packages are searched.")
(length function-documentation "
Args: (sequence)
Returns the length of SEQUENCE.")
(long-site-name function-documentation "
Args: ()
Returns, as a string, the location of the machine on which KCL runs.")
(maximum-contiguous-pages function-documentation "
Args: ()
KCL specific.
Returns the current maximum number of pages for contiguous blocks.")
(ninth function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to (CAR (CDDDDR (CDDDDR X))).")
(read-delimited-list function-documentation "
Args: (char &optional (stream *standard-input*) (recursive-p nil))
Reads objects from STREAM until the next character after an object's
representation is CHAR.  Returns all objects read, as a list.")
(seventh function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to (CADDR (CDDDDR X)).")
(shadowing-import function-documentation "
Args: (symbol &optional (package *package*))
Registers SYMBOL as an internal symbol of PACKAGE.  Does nothing if SYMBOL is
already registered in PACKAGE.  If there exists already a symbol in PACKAGE
with the same name, then uninterns the symbol first.  SYMBOL shadows external
symbols of the same name in those packages that PACKAGE uses.  SYMBOL may be a
list of symbols.")
(string> function-documentation "
Args: (string1 string2
       &key (start1 0) (end1 (length string1))
            (start2 0) (end2 (length string2)))
If STRING1 comes after STRING2 in lexicographic order or if the strings are
character-wise CHAR=, then returns the number of characters in the longest
common prefix of the strings.  Otherwise, returns NIL.")
(tenth function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to (CADR (CDDDDR (CDDDDR X))).")
(compiled-function-name function-documentation "
Args: (compiled-function)
KCL specific.
Returns the function name associated with COMPILED-FUNCTION.")
(*lisp-maxpages* variable-documentation "
KCL specific.
The current maximum number of pages (1 page = 2048 bytes) for the KCL process.
The result of changing the value of SI:*LISP-MAXPAGES* is unpredictable.")
