(1+ function-documentation "
Args: (integer)
Returns NUMBER plus one.")
(delete-if-not function-documentation "
Args: (test sequence
       &key (key #'identity) (start 0) (end (length sequence))
            (count most-positive-fixnum) (from-end nil))
Destructive REMOVE-IF-NOT.  SEQUENCE may be destroyed")
(intern function-documentation "
Args: (string &optional (package *package*))
Searches PACKAGE for a symbol whose print name is STRING.  If such a symbol is
found, returns the symbol and, as the second value, one of the keywords
:INTERNAL, :EXTERNAL, and :INHERITED.  Otherwise, creates and returns a new
symbol and, as the second value, returns NIL.")
(machine-type function-documentation "
Args: ()
Returns, as a string, the type of the machine on which KCL runs.")
(make-string-input-stream function-documentation "
Args: (string &optional (start 0) (end (length string)))
Creates and returns a string-input stream.  Inputs from this stream are
obtained form STRING.  A string-input stream is notated as
	#<string-input stream from s>
where S is a string.")
(output-stream-p function-documentation "
Args: (stream)
Returns T if STREAM can handle output operations; NIL otherwise.")
(return function-documentation "
Syntax: (return [result])
Terminates execution of the lexically surrounding NIL block and returns all
values of RESULT (which defaults to NIL) as the values of the terminated
block.")
(warn function-documentation "
Args: (format-string &rest args)
Formats FORMAT-STRING and ARGs to *ERROR-OUTPUT* as a warning message.  Enters
a break level if the value of *BREAK-ON-WARNINGS* is non-NIL.  Otherwise,
returns with NIL.")
(ihs-vs function-documentation "
Args: (n)
KCL specific.
Returns the value stack index of the N-th entity in the invocation history
stack.")
(nani function-documentation "
Args: (fixnum)
KCL specific.
Returns the object at the address FIXNUM.  This function is the inverse of
SI:ADDRESS.  Although SI:ADDRESS is a harmless operation, SI:NANI is quite
dangerous and should be used with care.")
