(- function-documentation "
Args: (number &rest more-numbers)
Returns the first arg subtracted by the rest of args.  With one arg, returns
- NUMBER.")
(- variable-documentation "
The top-level form KCL is currently evaluating.")
(break function-documentation "
Args: (&optional (format-string nil) &rest args)
Enters a break loop.  The execution of the program can be resumed by typing
:RESUME at the break loop.  Type :HELP to see the break-loop commands list.
If FORMAT-STRING is non-NIL, it is used as the format string to be output to
*ERROR-OUTPUT* before entering the break loop.  ARGs are arguments to the
format string.")
(defconstant function-documentation "
Syntax: (defconstant symbol form [doc])
Declares that the global variable named by SYMBOL is a constant with the value
of FORM as its constant value.  The doc-string DOC, if supplied, is saved as a
VARIABLE doc and can be retrieved by (DOCUMENTATION 'SYMBOL 'VARIABLE).")
(floatp function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Returns T if X is a float; NIL otherwise.")
(graphic-char-p function-documentation "
Args: (char)
Returns T if CHAR is a printing character, i.e., a standard character other
than #\\Newline.  Returns NIL otherwise.")
(logbitp function-documentation "
Args: (bit-position integer)
Returns T if the specified bit of INTEGER is 1; NIL otherwise.  BIT-POSITION
must be a non-negative integer, with 0 representing the least significant bit.")
(loop function-documentation "
Syntax: (loop {form}*)
Establishes a NIL block and executes FORMs repeatedly.  The loop is normally
terminated by a non-local exit.
The MIT-style extended version of LOOP, which is upper compatible with this
LOOP, is available:  Load loop.lsp or its object file (loop.o or loop.fasl) in
the \"lsp\" subdirectory of your KCL system directory and then see the doc of
LOOP again.")
(packagep function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Returns T if X is a package object; NIL otherwise.")
(pop function-documentation "
Syntax: (pop place)
Gets the cdr of the value stored in PLACE and makes it the new value of PLACE.
Returns the car of the old value in PLACE.")
(read-preserving-whitespace function-documentation "
Args: (&optional (stream *standard-input*)
                 (eof-error-p t) (eof-value nil) (recursive-p nil))
Reads an object from STREAM and returns the object.  Unlike READ, always
leaves the character next to the object's representation.")
(readtablep function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Returns T if X is a readtable object; NIL otherwise.")
(remprop function-documentation "
Args: (symbol indicator)
Removes the specified property from the property list associated with SYMBOL.
Returns T if the property list had the specified property; NIL otherwise.")
(rename-file function-documentation "
Args: (filespec new-filespec)
Renames the file specified by FILESPEC as specified by NEW-FILESPEC.  Returns
as three values the new pathname, the old full pathname, and the new full
pathname.  FILESPEC and NEW-FILESPEC may be a symbol, a string, a pathname, or
a file stream.")
(sleep function-documentation "
Args: (n)
Suspends execution for N seconds.  N may be any non-negative, non-complex
number.")
(step function-documentation "
Syntax: (step form)
Evaluates FORM in the Stepper mode and returns all its values.  See KCL Report
for Stepper mode commands.")
(string-not-equal function-documentation "
Args: (string1 string2
       &key (start1 0) (end1 (length string1))
            (start2 0) (end2 (length string2)))
Returns NIL if the strings are character-wise CHAR-EQUAL.  Otherwise, returns
the number of characters in the longest common prefix of the strings.")
(subtypep function-documentation "
Args: (type1 type2)
Returns T if TYPE1 is a subtype of TYPE2; NIL otherwise.  If this is not
determined, then returns NIL as the first and second values.  Otherwise, the
second value is T.")
(unuse-package function-documentation "
Args: (package-spec &optional (package *package*))
Causes PACKAGE not to use packages specified by PACKAGE-SPEC.  PACKAGE-SPEC
may be a package object, a string, a symbol, or a list consisting of package
objects, strings, and, symbols.")
(values-list function-documentation "
Args: (list)
Returns all elements of LIST as multiple values, the N-th element of LIST
being the N-th value.")
(*ignore-eof-on-terminal-io* variable-documentation "
KCL specific.
If the value of this variable is non-NIL, KCL ignores the EOF-character
(usually ^D) on the terminal.  The initial value is NIL.")
