(adjoin function-documentation "
Args: (item list &key (key #'identity) (test #'eql) test-not)
Returns cons of ITEM and LIST unless ITEM is already an element of LIST.
Otherwise, returns LIST.")
(apropos-list function-documentation "
Args: (string &optional (package nil))
Returns a list of all symbols whose print-names contain STRING as substring.
If PACKAGE is non-NIL, then only the specified PACKAGE is searched.")
(asin function-documentation "
Args: (number)
Returns the arc sine of NUMBER.")
(compiled-function type-documentation "
A compiled function is an object that is created by compiling a function.  A
compiled function is notated in either of the following formats:
	#<compiled-function s>
	#<compiled-closure nil>
where S is actually the symbol that names the function.")
(make-package function-documentation "
Args: (package-name &key (nicknames nil) (use '(lisp)))
Creates and returns a new package named PACKAGE-NAME.  PACKAGE-NAME must be a
string or a symbol.  The print name is used if PACKAGE-NAME is a symbol.
NICKNAMES gives the nicknames of the package.  It must be a list of strings
and symbols.  USE specifies the packages used by the created package.  It must
be a list of package objects, strings, and symbols.")
(maximum-allocatable-pages function-documentation "
Args: (type)
KCL specific.
Returns the current maximum number of pages for the type class of the KCL
implementation type TYPE.")
(merge-pathnames function-documentation "
Args: (filespec
       &optional (defaults *default-pathname-defaults*) default-version)
Fills in unspecified slots of the pathname specified by FILESPEC from the
pathname specified by DEFAULTS, and returns the result pathname.  DEFAULT-
VERSION is simply ignored in KCL.  FILESPEC and DEFAULTS may be a symbol, a
string, a pathname, or a file stream.")
(min function-documentation "
Args: (number &rest more-numbers)
Returns the smallest arg.  The args must be non-complex numbers.")
(sin function-documentation "
Args: (radians)
Returns the sine of RADIANS.")
(string-trim function-documentation "
Args: (char-spec string)
Returns a copy of STRING with the specified characters removed from both ends.
CHAR-SPEC must be a sequence of characters.")
(with-output-to-string function-documentation "
Syntax: (with-output-to-string (var [string-form]) {decl}* {form}*)
Evaluates FORMs with VAR bound to a string output stream to the string that is
the value of STRING-FORM.  If STRING-FORM is not given, a new string is used.
The stream is automatically closed on exit and the string is returned.")
(frs-ihs function-documentation "
Args: (n)
KCL specific.
Returns the invocation history stack index of the N-th entity in the frame
stack.")
(string-to-object function-documentation "
Args: (string)
KCL specific.
Equivalent to (READ-FROM-STRING STRING), but is much faster.")
