(* function-documentation "
Args: (&rest numbers)
Returns the product of the args.  With no args, returns 1.")
(* variable-documentation "
The value of the last top-level form.")
(array-dimension function-documentation "
Args: (array n)
Returns the length of the N-th dimension of ARRAY.")
(atom type-documentation "
An atom is an object that is not a cons.")
(atom function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Returns T if X is not a cons; NIL otherwise.")
(caaddr function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to (CAR (CAR (CDR (CDR X)))).")
(cadadr function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to (CAR (CDR (CAR (CDR X)))).")
(caddr function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to (CAR (CDR (CDR X))).")
(cdaadr function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to (CDR (CAR (CAR (CDR X)))).")
(cdadr function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to (CDR (CAR (CDR X))).")
(cddddr function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to (CDR (CDR (CDR (CDR X)))).")
(cddr function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Equivalent to (CDR (CDR X)).")
(char> function-documentation "
Args: (char &rest more-chars)
Returns T if the character codes of CHARs are in decreasing order; NIL
otherwise.")
(copy-symbol function-documentation "
Args: (symbol &optional (flag nil))
Returns a new uninterned symbol with the same print name as SYMBOL.  If FLAG
is NIL, the symbol property of the new symbol is empty.  Otherwise, the new
symbol gets a copy of the property list of SYMBOL.")
(find-symbol function-documentation "
Args: (string &optional (package *package*))
Searches PACKAGE for a symbol whose print name is NAME.  If such a symbol is
found, then returns the symbol as the first value and returns one of the
following symbols as the second value.
	:INTERNAL (internal symbol in PACKAGE)
	:EXTERNAL (external symbol in PACKAGE)
	:INHERITED (external symbol of a package that PACKAGE is using)
If no such symbol is found, returns NIL as the first and second values.")
(float-digits function-documentation "
Args: (float)
Returns the number of radix-B digits used to represent the significand of
FLOAT, where B is the base number used in the representation of FLOAT.")
(gbc function-documentation "
Args: (x)
KCL specific.
Starts garbage collection with the specified collection level.  If X is NIL,
collects only cells.  If X is T, collects everything.")
(gensym function-documentation "
Args: (&optional (x nil))
Creates and returns a new uninterned symbol whose print name begins with some
prefix (initially \"G\"), followed by a generation number.  The generation
number is incremented by one at each call to GENSYM.  If X is an integer, it
becomes the new generation number.  If X is a string, it becomes the new
prefix.")
(nthcdr function-documentation "
Args: (n list)
Returns the N-th cdr of LIST.  N must be a non-negative integer.")
(prog* function-documentation "
Syntax: (prog* ({var | (var [init])}*) {decl}* {tag | statement}*)
Establishes a NIL block, binds each VAR to the value of INIT (which defaults
to NIL) sequentially, and executes STATEMENTs.  Returns NIL.")
(random function-documentation "
Args: (number &optional (random-state *random-state*))
Creates and returns a random number by using RANDOM-STATE.  NUMBER must be
either a positive integer or a positive float.  If NUMBER is a positive
integer, returns a positive integer less than NUMBER.  If NUMBER is a positive
float, returns a positive float less than NUMBER in the same float format as
NUMBER.")
(*read-suppress* variable-documentation "
When the value of this variable is non-NIL, the KCL reader parses input
characters without most of the ordinary processings such as interning.  Used
to skip over forms.")
(rem function-documentation "
Args: (number divisor)
Returns the second value of (TRUNCATE NUMBER DIVISOR), i.e. the value of
	(- NUMBER (* (TRUNCATE NUMBER DIVISOR) DIVISOR))")
(room function-documentation "
Args: (&optional (x t))
Displays information about storage allocation in the following format.
	* for each type class
		* number of pages so-far allocated for the type class
		* maximum number of pages for the type class
		* percentage of used cells to cells so-far allocated
		* number of times the garbage collector has been called to
		  collect cells of the type class
		* implementation types that belongs to the type class
	* number of pages actually allocated for contiguous blocks
	* maximum number of pages for contiguous blocks
	* number of times the garbage collector has been called to collect
	  contiguous blocks
	* number of pages in the hole
	* maximum number of pages for relocatable blocks
	* number of times the garbage collector has been called to collect
	  relocatable blocks
	* total number of pages allocated for cells
	* total number of pages allocated
	* number of available pages
	* number of pages KCL can use.
The number of times the garbage collector has been called is not shown, if the
number is zero.  The optional X is simply ignored.")
(symbol-package function-documentation "
Args: (symbol)
Returns the home package of SYMBOL.  Returns NIL if SYMBOL is not interned.")
(system function-documentation "
Args: (string)
KCL/UNIX specific.
Executes a Shell command as if STRING is an input to the Shell.")
(argc function-documentation "
Args: ()
KCL specific.
Returns the number of arguments given in the command line that invoked KCL.")
(chdir function-documentation "
Args: (filespec)
KCL/UNIX specific.
Changes the current working directory to the one specified by FILESPEC.
FILESPEC may be a symbol, a string, or a pathname.")
