(block function-documentation "
Syntax: (block name {form}*)
Establishes a block named by NAME, evaluates FORMs in order, and returns all
values of the last FORM.  Returns NIL if no FORMs are given.
The scope of the established block is the body (i.e. the FORMs) of the BLOCK
form.  If (return-from name value-form) is evaluated within the scope, the
execution of the BLOCK form terminates immediately and all values of
VALUE-FORM will be returned as the values of the terminated BLOCK form.")
(delete-if function-documentation "
Args: (test sequence
       &key (key #'identity) (start 0) (end (length sequence))
            (count most-positive-fixnum) (from-end nil))
Destructive REMOVE-IF.  SEQUENCE may be destroyed")
(do-external-symbols function-documentation "
Syntax: (do-external-symbols (var [package [result]])
          {decl}* {tag | statement}*)
Establishes a NIL block and executes STATEMENTs once for each external symbol
in PACKAGE (which defaults to the current package), with VAR bound to the
variable.  Then evaluates RESULT (which defaults to NIL) and returns all
values.")
(equalp function-documentation "
Args: (x y)
Returns T if the args satisfy one of the following conditions.
	1. EQUAL
	2. are characters that satisfy CHARACTER-EQUAL
	3. are numbers that satisfy =
	4. are conses with EQUALP cars and EQUALP cdrs
	5. are arrays of the same dimensions and element-wise EQUALP
Returns NIL otherwise.")
(find-if function-documentation "
Args: (test sequence
       &key (key #'identity) (start 0) (end (length sequence)) (from-end nil))
Returns the index of the first element in SEQUENCE that satisfies TEST.
Returns NIL if no such element exists.")
(least-negative-long-float variable-documentation "
The negative long-float with the smallest absolute value.")
(logandc2 function-documentation "
Args: (integer1 integer2)
Equivalent to (LOGAND INTEGER1 (LOGNOT INTEGER2)).")
(most-negative-double-float variable-documentation "
Same as MOST-NEGATIVE-LONG-FLOAT.")
(nsubst-if function-documentation "
Args: (new test tree &key (key #'identity))
Destructive SUBST-IF.  TREE may be destroyed.")
(rassoc-if function-documentation "
Args: (test alist)
Returns the first pair in ALIST whose cdr satisfies TEST.  Returns NIL if no
such pair exists.")
(scale-float function-documentation "
Args: (float integer)
Returns the value of (* FLOAT (expt (float-radix FLOAT) INTEGER)).")
(short-float type-documentation "
A short-float is a short-precision floating point number.")
(stringp function-documentation "
Args: (x)
Returns T if X is a string object; NIL otherwise.")
