(char-downcase function-documentation "
Args: (char)
Returns the lower-case character corresponding to CHAR, if CHAR is upper-case.
Otherwise, returns CHAR.")
(compiler:compile-file function-documentation "
Args: (input-pathname)
Compiles the file specified by INPUT-PATHNAME and generates a fasl file
specified by OUTPUT-FILE.  If the filetype is not specified in INPUT-PATHNAME,
then \".l\" is used as the default file type for the source file.
BY the compilation of lisp source, C source program, C header, quote vector
and object files are generated, each has suffix .c, .h, .o and .q.")
(file-length function-documentation "
Args: (file-stream)
Returns the length of the specified FILE-STREAM.  Returns NIL if the length is
unknown.")
(find-package function-documentation "
Args: (name)
Returns the package whose package name or nickname is NAME.  Returns NIL if no
such package exists.  NAME may be a string or a symbol.")
(get-setf-method function-documentation "
Args: (place)
Returns the 'five gangs' (see DEFINE-SETF-METHOD) for PLACE as five values.
Checks if the third gang is a single-element list.")
(list-length function-documentation "
Args: (list)
Returns the length of LIST.  Returns NIL if LIST is circular.")
(load function-documentation "
Args: (filespec
       &key (verbose *load-verbose*) (print nil) (if-does-not-exist :error))
Loads the contents of the specified file into KCL.
If the filetype is not specified, KCL first tries to load the fasl file with
filetype \".fasl\", then tries to load the source file with filetype \".lsp\",
and then tries to load the source file with no filetype.
FILESPEC may be a symbol, a string, a pathname, or a file stream.  VERBOSE
specifies whether or not the loader prints a loading message.  PRINT specifies
whether or not the loader prints the values of the top-level forms.
IF-DOES-NOT-EXIST specifies the behavior of the loader when the specified file
is not found.  It may be :ERROR or NIL.")
(nstring-capitalize function-documentation "
Args: (string &key (start 0) (end (length string)))
Destructive STRING-CAPITALIZE.  STRING may be destroyed.")
(pathname-type function-documentation "
Args: (filespec)
Returns the type slot of the pathname specified by FILESPEC.  FILESPEC may be
a symbol, a string, a pathname, or a file stream.")
(read function-documentation "
Args: (&optional (stream *standard-input*)
                 (eof-error-p t) (eof-value nil) (recursivep nil))
Reads an object from STREAM and returns the object.")
(string-char-p function-documentation "
Args: (char)
Returns T if CHAR is a string-char, i.e. can be stored in strings; NIL
otherwise.  In KCL, this function always returns T.")
